- [Instructor] The final piece when talking
about the console is that you want
to take a bit of time to talk about the various
bucket configuration options in Amazon S3
that we kind of glazed over earlier.
This configuration can be a critical component
of how you deliver S3 across your applications.
So go back into the S3 console if you're not already there,
click on the bucket that we created earlier,
and take a look at the tabs across the top of the screen.
You'll notice we have several options here
that are available to us, and each one of them
has a learn more option.
I encourage you to read through those,
especially before you turn any of these options on,
so you can understand the implications of them.
The first one we're going to talk about here is versioning.
Now, versioning allows us to store historical instances
of our binary object so that we can always
go back in time to a previous version.
Of course, this increases your storage cost, but if you need
the history, having it there is very powerful.
The next one that we're going to talk about
is server access logging.
And this provides detailed access logs of a bucket.
This detailed logging can also provide insights
on how your data access patterns,
both from compliance standpoint, but also
from a customer standpoint, that may help you
provide a better solution for your customers.
Our next option is static website hosting.
Now static website hosting is just that.
It allows you to build a simple, static website
using an S3 bucket as a store.
Now, this isn't going to give you anything sophisticated
from a web perspective, but if you need
just a simple landing page or a couple
very simple options, this might be a great one for you.
The next is Object-level logging.
Now, object-level logging,
as you might imagine, is just that.
This uses cloud trail, which means that
there's going to be some significant cost associated with it.
But you can log all of your access and behavior
of an object from within this option.
The final option is default encryption.
There are times when you want to store your data
in an encrypted fashion, and actually,
that's more often the case than not.
Many times in a business environment,
you will have requirements that any data you store publicly
or in a public infrastructure that you don't control,
it must be encrypted.
And this gives you the ability to do that if you choose to.
We'll continue to scroll down here.
Object lock allows you to lock objects from deletion.
Say, for instance, you publish a newsletter using S3
and never want them deleted.
This can be a great option to save you from bad code
or even typos when dealing with objects in your S3 bucket.
Do note, however, object lock is only available
at create time and not afterwards,
at least in the current incantation of Amazon S3.
Tags we've already talked about,
and these are very powerful when filtering data
through the AWS API.
Transfer acceleration is another one of those features
that can cost you a little bit of money
but may be really powerful.
Transfer acceleration uses Cloudfront
behind the scenes to provide a CBN for your data.
We're not going to use that in this course,
but do know that it's there if you find
that you have data stored in the United States,
for instance, and a whole bunch of users
in Africa or Asia or Europe that may need access
to that data, you may find this is a better option
for your use cases than just simply replicating your data.
The events option allows you to get events
when things happen within your system.
If people upload data or do other things.
This can be really good if you've got an automated system
that's supposed to produce a file, let's say,
every day, you may want to set up a notification
to make sure that you got that file,
and if you don't, go look at what's going on.
The final option we're going to talk about here
is this requester pays.
This is a very interesting use case,
in which the requester of the file pays
through their AWS account the download fee,
as opposed to you paying it, the owner of this bucket.
The only time I've ever seen this used
is with a security firm that would generate
these massive reports, but didn't want to pay
for us to get access to them, so they put them
in a bucket, used requester pays,
and then we had to download them that way
so that we were paying the transfer costs.
You'll notice on the permissions tab
that we have all of this public access
that we talked about earlier.
We also have the ability to create access control lists,
and these can be really critical
if you only want certain applications
or certain systems to access your bucket.
There's bucket policy that you can write
if you want to create your own,
and then there's also CORS configuration
if you need to modify that to download files
from a separate system.
The management has some really cool tools in it as well.
Lifecycle is very powerful, and I've used lifecycle
to expire old objects, which is one such option.
You can also use lifecycle to take data that's old
and instead of purging it, move it
to a cheaper storage solution for more long-term storage.
Replication gives you the ability
to replicate your data across regions
or within the same region based on the needs of your system.
Now, analytics, metrics, and inventory provide you
more insight into the data stored within your bucket.
And access points provide robust network security
within your S3 bucket.
We're not going to mess with any of these at all.
Just know that they're there, and each one of them
has a learn more option that you can look at
to get a lot more information than I just presented here.